MicroProfile Metrics 5.0 documentation updates. (#6180)
OpenLiberty/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/metrics-list.adoc

> :mp-2-0: feature:mpMetrics-2.0[display=MicroProfile Metrics 2.0]

Reviewer: i'm assuming these lines are for some kind of regex search and replace? Ok but the ID team will have to know how to maintain the file. This doesn't fit any existing content guidelines

Author: Are you referring to the 
`:mp-4-0: feature:mpMetrics-4.0[display=MicroProfile Metrics 4.0]`
`:mp-5-0: feature:mpMetrics-5.0[display=MicroProfile Metrics 5.0]`?

I saw that it existed from before, I assumed it was from the ID team?

Reviewer: hmmm- I guess I never noticed it before. I'm not sure who put it there or why. We dont use anything like this in any of the other docs

<monitor  filter=" "/>
----

> There are two tables provided below which lists the available metrics when using <<#metrics-table,MicroProfile Metrics 4.0 (or earlier versions)>> and <<#metrics-table-mp-metrics-5, MicroProfile Metrics 5.0>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two tables list the available metrics when you use <<#metrics-table,MicroProfile Metrics 4.0 (or earlier versions)>> and <<#metrics-table-mp-metrics-5, MicroProfile Metrics 5.0>>.
```

In both tables, the Prometheus metric names are listed after each metric.
The tables also lists the metric types, metric units, and descriptions of all metrics that are available for Open Liberty. For the vendor metrics, the associated monitoring component that you can use to filter the metric is also included.
The **Features required** column of the table includes the feature or features that must be enabled to obtain that metric data.
The **Version introduced** column specifies the minimum version of the feature that you must enable to collect the metric.

=== Difference between the MicroProfile Metrics 5.0 and earlier versions

> A separate table for for MicroProfile Metrics 5.0 is included because of changes in the release which affect the formatting of the Prometheus name, base metrics and the metric types. These changes are reflected in <<#metrics-table-mp-metrics-5, MicroProfile Metrics 5.0 table>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A separate table for for MicroProfile Metrics 5.0 is included because of changes in the release which affect the formatting of the Prometheus name, base metrics and the metric types. These changes are reflected in the <<#metrics-table-mp-metrics-5, MicroProfile Metrics 5.0 table>>.
```

> 

Reviewer: H4 doesn't really show up on the OL site. I think we can reformat these sections as a definition list but I'll do it separately after we commit the rest of the changes

==== REST.Request metric
In earlier releases of MicroProfile Metrics, the `REST.Request` metric was instrumented with a `SimpleTimer` metric type. In MicroProfile Metrics 5.0 the `SimpleTimer` metric type is no longer available and the metric is now instrumented with a `Timer` metric type.

==== Histogram metric

Metrics which were instrumented with a `Histogram` metric type will now have their formatted outputs reduced with the removal of the `min`, `mean` and `stddev` values. Furthermore, the formatting of the Prometheus output has changed. The suffix that defines the `Histogram` value will trail after the unit suffix. For example `bulkhead_waitingDuration_max_seconds` wll turn into `bulkhead_waitingDuration_seconds_max`.

==== Units

For both tables, metric units are included along with both the metric names and Prometheus names. In earlier releases, these units can differ because the Prometheus exporter scales metrics to a base unit.
For example, while the `ft.<name>.bulkhead.executionDuration` metric is recorded internally in nanoseconds, the Prometheus output is in seconds. +
{empty} +

> In MicroProfile Metrics 5.0, the unit associated to the metric is what will be reflected in the Prometheus output. There will be no scaling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MicroProfile Metrics 5.0, the unit associated to the metric is what is reflected in the Prometheus output. There is no scaling.
```

If no unit is listed next to the metric name, then no units are associated with that metric.

> ==== MicroProfile Metrics 4.0 and earlier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== MicroProfile Metrics 4.0 and earlier metrics reference
```

|===

{empty} +

> ==== MicroProfile Metrics 5.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== MicroProfile Metrics 5.0 metrics reference
```

|{mp-2-0} or later and feature:requestTiming[display=Request timing]
|{mp-2-0}

|requestTiming.requestCount
|requestTiming_requestCount_total{mp_scope="vendor"}
|The number of servlet requests since the server started.
This metric is a counter.
|`RequestTiming`
|{mp-2-0} or later and feature:requestTiming[display=Request timing]
|{mp-2-0}

|requestTiming.slowRequestCount
|requestTiming_slowRequestCount{mp_scope="vendor"}
|The number of servlet requests that are currently running but are slow.
This metric is a gauge.
|`RequestTiming`
|{mp-2-0} or later and feature:requestTiming[display=Request timing]
|{mp-2-0}

|REST.request 
|REST_request_seconds_max{class="<fully_qualified_class_name>",method="<method_signature>",mp_scope="base"} {empty}+
 {empty}+
REST_request_seconds_sum{class="<fully_qualified_class_name>",method="<method_signature>",mp_scope="base"} {empty}+
 {empty}+
REST_request_seconds_count{class="<fully_qualified_class_name>",method="<method_signature>",mp_scope="base"} {empty}+
 {empty}+
REST_request_seconds{
 class="<fully_qualified_class_name>",
 method="<method_signature>",
 mp_scope="base",
 quantile=["0.5"\|"0.75"\|"0.95"\|"0.98"\|"0.99"\|"0.999"]
 }

> |The number of invocations and total response time of this RESTful resource method since the start of the server. The metric will not record the elapsed time nor count of a REST request if it resulted in an unmapped exception. Also tracks the highest recorded time duration and the 50th, 75th, 95th, 98th, 99th and 99.9th percentile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The number of invocations and total response time of this RESTful resource method since the start of the server. The metric does not record the elapsed time nor count of a REST request if it resulted in an unmapped exception. Also tracks the highest recorded time duration and the 50th, 75th, 95th, 98th, 99th and 99.9th percentile.
```
